.TH enigma 1 "October 6, 2016" "version 0.0.1" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
enigma \- an ANSI/TERM Enigma machine simulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B enigma [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
It is an \fIEnigma machine\fR simulator for \fIANSI/TERM\fR environments. The simulator
is based on \fIM3 Enigma\fR.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-reflector=\fIb\fR
Indicates the used reflector.

.TP
\-\-l-rotor=\fIi\fR
Specifies the chosen left rotor.

.TP
\-\-m-rotor=\fIii\fR
Specifies the chosen middle rotor.

.TP
\-\-r-rotor=\fIiii\fR
Specifies the chosen right rotor.

.TP
\-\-l-ring=\fI2\fR
Specifies the ring offset of the left rotor.

.TP
\-\-m-ring=\fI2\fR
Specifies the ring offset of the middle rotor.

.TP
\-\-r-ring=\fI2\fR
Specifies the ring offset of the right rotor.

.TP
\-\-l-rotor-at=\fIA\fR
Specifies the initial position of the left rotor.

.TP
\-\-m-rotor-at=\fIB\fR
Specifies the initial position of the middle rotor.

.TP
\-\-r-rotor-at=\fIC\fR
Specifies the initial position of the right rotor.

.TP
\-\-plugboard=\fIA/B,C/D,E/F,G/H,I/J,K/L\fR
Specifies the plugboard swaps.

.TP
\-\-version
Shows the application version.

.TP
\-\-help
Shows the general help.

.PP
.SH ADDITIONAL INFO
You need to press \fIESC\fR to exit.

.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
If the execution succeeds enigma returns zero, otherwise non zero values will be returned.

.PP
.SH
SEE ALSO
.TP
\fI/usr/local/share/enigma/doc\fR (or equivalent in your system)
.PP
.SH
HOMEPAGE
.TP
https://github.com/rafael-santiago/ansiterm-enigma
.SH AUTHOR
Rafael Santiago <voidbrainvoid@gmail.com>
